c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\MvcApplication1.dll
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\MvcApplication1.pdb
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.Tracing.dll
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.Tracing.xml
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1.dll
c:\users\gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\Gokmen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication3\MvcApplication1\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1.dll
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1.pdb
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\MvcApplication1.dll
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\MvcApplication1.pdb
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Spatial.dll
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.Tracing.dll
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.Tracing.xml
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Spatial.xml
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\wpfEvrak\wpfEvrak\MvcApplication1\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Gokmen\Desktop\DD\DenetimMVC\bin\MvcApplication1.dll
C:\Users\Gokmen\Desktop\DD\DenetimMVC\bin\MvcApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\Gokmen\Desktop\DD\DenetimMVC\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Gokmen\Desktop\DD\DenetimMVC\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Gokmen\Desktop\DD\DenetimMVC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Gokmen\Desktop\DD\DenetimMVC\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Gokmen\Desktop\DD\DenetimMVC\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Gokmen\Desktop\DD\DenetimMVC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Gokmen\Desktop\DD\DenetimMVC\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Gokmen\Desktop\DD\DenetimMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Gokmen\Desktop\DD\DenetimMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Gokmen\Desktop\DD\DenetimMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Gokmen\Desktop\DD\DenetimMVC\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Gokmen\Desktop\DD\DenetimMVC\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.xml
C:\Users\Gokmen\Desktop\DD\DenetimMVC\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Gokmen\Desktop\DD\DenetimMVC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Gokmen\Desktop\DD\DenetimMVC\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Gokmen\Desktop\DD\DenetimMVC\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Gokmen\Desktop\DD\DenetimMVC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Gokmen\Desktop\DD\DenetimMVC\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Gokmen\Desktop\DD\DenetimMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Gokmen\Desktop\DD\DenetimMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Gokmen\Desktop\DD\DenetimMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Gokmen\Desktop\DD\DenetimMVC\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1.dll
C:\Users\Gokmen\Desktop\DD\DenetimMVC\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\Gokmen\Desktop\DD_v1\DD_v1\DenetimMVC\bin\MvcApplication1.dll
C:\Users\Gokmen\Desktop\DD_v1\DD_v1\DenetimMVC\bin\MvcApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\Gokmen\Desktop\DD_v1\DD_v1\DenetimMVC\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Gokmen\Desktop\DD_v1\DD_v1\DenetimMVC\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Gokmen\Desktop\DD_v1\DD_v1\DenetimMVC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Gokmen\Desktop\DD_v1\DD_v1\DenetimMVC\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Gokmen\Desktop\DD_v1\DD_v1\DenetimMVC\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Gokmen\Desktop\DD_v1\DD_v1\DenetimMVC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Gokmen\Desktop\DD_v1\DD_v1\DenetimMVC\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Gokmen\Desktop\DD_v1\DD_v1\DenetimMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Gokmen\Desktop\DD_v1\DD_v1\DenetimMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Gokmen\Desktop\DD_v1\DD_v1\DenetimMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Gokmen\Desktop\DD_v1\DD_v1\DenetimMVC\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.xml
C:\Users\Gokmen\Desktop\DD_v1\DD_v1\DenetimMVC\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Gokmen\Desktop\DD_v1\DD_v1\DenetimMVC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Gokmen\Desktop\DD_v1\DD_v1\DenetimMVC\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Gokmen\Desktop\DD_v1\DD_v1\DenetimMVC\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Gokmen\Desktop\DD_v1\DD_v1\DenetimMVC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Gokmen\Desktop\DD_v1\DD_v1\DenetimMVC\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Gokmen\Desktop\DD_v1\DD_v1\DenetimMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Gokmen\Desktop\DD_v1\DD_v1\DenetimMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Gokmen\Desktop\DD_v1\DD_v1\DenetimMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Gokmen\Desktop\DD_v1\DD_v1\DenetimMVC\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Gokmen\Desktop\DD_v1\DD_v1\DenetimMVC\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1.dll
C:\Users\Gokmen\Desktop\DD_v1\DD_v1\DenetimMVC\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1.pdb
